cleanup: standardize comment style (#3749)
bpftrace/bpftrace: docs/developers.md

We want to avoid `fix formatting` commits. Instead every commit should be
formatted correctly.

### Comment style

> Strongly prefer C++-style comments, including for block comments. C-style

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strongly prefer C++-style comments for single line and block comments. C-style
```
